Fix binary context propagation compatibility issues with OpenTelemetry (#748)
elastic/apm: specs/agents/tracing-distributed-tracing.md

### Binary Fields

Binary fields should only be used where strings are not allowed, such as in
Kafka record headers.

Until the revision of this spec as of January 2023, our implementation relied on the [W3C Binary Trace
Context](https://w3c.github.io/trace-context-binary/) standard.  Hereby, we relied on the specification described in
[this commit](https://github.com/w3c/trace-context-binary/blob/571cafae56360d99c1f233e7df7d0009b44201fe/spec/20-binary-format.md).
We used the proprietary `elasticapmtraceparent` field name for the binary `traceparent`, `tracestate` was ignored.

The available OpenTelemetry instrumentations however went a different route:

>  * The binary header spec has been removed and the [issue](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/437) to readd it has not been touched for a long time
>  * Instead, the OpenTelemetry instrumentations for e.g. Kafka use the textual `traceparent` and `tracestate` formats and encode the values via UTF8 to binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The binary header spec has been removed and the [issue](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/437) to re-add it has not been touched for a long time.
 * Instead, the OpenTelemetry instrumentations for e.g. Kafka use the textual `traceparent` and `tracestate` formats and encode the values via UTF8 to binary.
```

To maximize compatibility and not break traces, our agents need to support the textual `traceparent` and `tracestate` via UTF8 encoding as well.
So, the following rules should be used do decode/encode context propagation headers:

Encoding:

>  * Add a `elasticapmtraceparent` with the binary specification above for backwards compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add a `elasticapmtraceparent` header with the binary specification above for backwards compatibility
```

 * Add the textual `traceparent` and `tracestate` headers, encode their values via UTF8
  
Decoding:
 * If a `traceparent` header is present, use the `traceparent` and `tracestate` headers as textual with UTF8 decoding of the values
 * If no `traceparent` header is present, use the `elasticapmtraceparent` with the binary specification above. `tracestate` is ignored.

Implementation note: The `traceparent` and `tracestate` specifications only allow ASCII characters. Therefore we don't need to use fully fledged UTF8 decoding, instead each byte can directly be interpreted as ASCII character.

This implementation guarantees backwards compatibility with our older agents and compatibility with current OpenTelemetry instrumentations.

> We will eventually remove the `elasticapmtraceparent` entirely as soon as we can safely assume that most users have already upgraded all their agents.

Reviewer 2: We will want to remove it for sure, but not yet the implementation of it, as it contains the support for the official-yet-draft reference by W3C. We need to see if we will have to support both at some point.

Author: Agree, we could support both when reading the context propagation header in the future. Things get difficult however when writing them: at that point we need to decide on one variant to use
